you know my son really loves my big
macaroni and cheese and so does his
friends I always say how do you get it
so creamy and cheesy so I'm going to
make some put a graduation party I'm
going to show you how I make my creamy
baked macaroni and cheese here's
everything you'll need you can also find
this recipe on our website at your house
a home
TV calm - macaroni first you're going to
need cheese like a Velveeta and this is
a 32 ounce and I'm going to use about a
third of this and when you use four cups
of shredded I like to use a Colby
Monterey Jack mix this is a Mexican Blin
so that's about half at this 24 ounce
bag you're going to need a can of
evaporated milk and a can of water and
16 ounces of elbow macaroni and that's
it so let me show you how to put this
together this will make a pan about this
size that feeds about eight to ten
people start by bringing a large pot of
water to boil then add a little salt to
the water then you're going to pour in
your box of macaroni cook for about 10
minutes on a medium to high heat stir
occasionally
when it's done drain into a colander put
a macaroni into a baking pan or a baking
dish and while that's still warm at one
or two tablespoons of butter and a
little bit of salt and mix it through
the macaroni let that sit and cool while
you make your cheese sauce before you
start making your cheese sauce pre-heat
your oven to 350 for the sauce in the
same pot pour a can of evaporated milk
then refill the can with water and pour
that in and add 10 ounces of Velveeta
type cheese turn the heat on medium
break up the cheese and stir
occasionally as it starts to melt after
the cheese is melted and blended pour in
2 cups of Colby Jack shredded cheese
stir for a few minutes and turn off the
heat
now that the macaroni is cool
blendin one egg throughout the whole pan
then pour new cheese sauce and mix in
well if you need to you can add a little
more water to make a creamier sauce you
really want to be able to see the sauce
right below the top layer of the back
aleni
after that's blended cover the top of
the macaroni with the last two cups of
shredded cheese
then cover the pan with oil then bake at
350 for about 15 to 20 minutes after 15
minutes check the pan if the sauce is
bubbling it should be ready you want to
take it out while the sauce is thick and
creamy and the cheese is just melted on
top nice and cheesy and creamy so at the
graduation party the macaroni was a hit
I made four pans at ease and they all
went really fast
along with collard greens barbecue
chicken barbecue ribs baked beans
hamburgers hot dogs corn on the cob
shrimp and we even had a little Lobster
so everyone had a great time inside
and outside